To conclude this module, I want to have a look at something we can find in the HTML files,
so in both of them, the root index.html file and the one in the help folder.
We had a look at responsive images, media queries to adjust the layout and also animations to have a nice
looking application.
Now there is one thing in the head section I also want to outline, besides all our icons here and so
on,
there's this meta tag here where we set the viewport.
Now here I actually use a relatively default set up where I set the width to the device width and then I also set
something which is not seen in every application.
Now by sitting width equal to device width, we ensure that we actually scale this application correctly
to the different device widths, so that you don't get the look of opening a desktop page on a mobile device
but instead that we enforce the mobile device boundaries to the application and hence enter the responsive
mode we configured with media queries and so on. The users scalable set up here makes sure that the
user can't pinch and zoom in our application.
Now you can discuss this controversially because you kind of make your application a little bit less
accessible because people can't zoom in, on the other hand, you really get a mobile app-like feeling if you
have like application where you can't zoom out and in.
So you can go either direction, you can support zooming in and out, here I basically fix this so that
you can pinch and zoom. Feel free to set this to whatever you need in your application,
in our application there shouldn't be an accessibility issue with that
but I can also see an argument against that
and I wanted to highlight it here at the end of this module.